Update README layout, add CONTRIBUTORS file, and add PR template (#251)
peterhuene/azure-functions-rs: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [azure-functions-shared-codegen](https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs/tree/master/azure-functions-shared-codegen) - The `azure-functions-shared-codegen` crate that defines the procedural macros used by the shared `azure-functions-shared` crate.
- [examples](https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs/tree/master/examples) - The directory containing example Azure Functions.

## Setting Up a Dev Environment

### Cloning the Repository

This repository uses a git submodule for defining the [Azure Functions Language Worker Protocol](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-language-worker-protobuf).

Use `--recurse-submodules` when cloning this repository:

Cloning with SSH:

``` bash
git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:<GITHUB-USERNAME>/azure-functions-rs.git
```

Cloning with HTTPS:

``` bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/<GITHUB-USERNAME>/azure-functions-rs.git
```

If you want to clone the source repository, replace `<GITHUB-USERNAME>` with `peterhuene`. To clone your own fork, replace the value with your GitHub username.

### Building

> Build at the root of the repository to build both the `azure-functions-codegen` and the `azure-functions` libraries using `cargo build`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build at the root of the repository to build both all the libraries and examples using `cargo build`:
```

``` bash
cargo build
```

> ### Running tests

Reviewer: Can we insert a new section here that describes how to install the Azure Functions SDK from source?

The command (from the root) would be:

```
cargo install -f --path azure-functions-sdk
```

Author: I added the section. I wasn't sure what to say - if there is a motivating statement as to why installing from source is helpful. What I wrote was simply:

### Installing Azure Functions SDK from Source

To install the Azure Functions SDK from source, from the root of the project run  

``` bash
cargo install -f --path azure-functions-sdk
```

Use `cargo test` to run the tests:

``` bash
cargo test
```

### Updating Your Fork

As you work on your contributions, code on the source repository may get updated. You can keep your fork up-to-date and avoid merge conflict by adding the source repo as a remote, upstream branch.

``` bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs
```

You only need to do this once. Then, to update your fork fetch all branches of the source repo

``` bash
git fetch upstream
```

> Switch to `master` and rebase so that any commits you have made which aren't in upstream/master are replaced on top of that other branch:

Reviewer: Ideally, contributors aren't ever making commits to their master/dev branches, and instead using a feature branch which gets merged upstream and then they can pull those commits into their local master/dev branches.

I generally use `git pull --rebase upstream <branch>` to pull upstream changes into my feature branches as a single command.

Author: Cool, I will edit to reflect that.

Author: How is this? Am I thinking about updating correctly?

### Developing Your Contribution

Create a new branch from `dev` for the feature you are adding on your fork. Name the branch according to the feature you are adding (i.e. `binding-to-iot`). As you work on your contributions, code on the source repository may get updated. You can keep your fork up-to-date and avoid merge conflicts by adding the source repo as a remote, upstream branch.

``` bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs
```

You only need to do this once. Then, to update your fork run

``` bash
git pull --rebase upstream <YOUR-FEATURE-BRANCH>
```

This will update your code with the changes that have occurred in the source repo.

Reviewer: I like it!
